
2015-02-18: Punted on recoding insolation experiment summarizing code
and change the values to reflect new information.

[2015-02-20: Melissa says she and Joel share student handout that
explains everything.  She will send me a copy.  She's not using the
data this term, but will in future terms so just keep it running.  No
need to recode digester, she understands the limitations of the
digested data and specifically the issue with the 2.96s lamp time and
possible mis-polling of lamp on times (capturing 2 lamp on events
counts as 2 seconds in the data, not 3).  She also understood about
the event density and normalizing the lamp on events against it.  She
also said given the way the experiment is physically constructed,
students can't estimate R values and such from the data.]

Tom forwarded emails that give better information about the physical
experiment.

60 W bulb, on 2.96 seconds per time.  materials used, r values.

*Write up 'what the data means' doc, including the info Tom just forwarded.

I should recode the summarizer to do the following things:

1. Ditch the first and last data lines (the 5 minutes before and after the day)

2. Multiply the outside insolation value 'Sun' by 910

3. Account for the 2.96s "on" time of the lamps in the L* fields.  The
   current summary could be off if the clocks on the experiment vs the
   client are offset the wrong way.  3 consecutive polls could report
   2 consecutive "on" events and 1 "off" event, or 3 "on" events,
   which is a 2 vs 3 difference.  A better way to summarize is to
   treat each "on" as belonging to a 2.96s on sequence, so the first
   on after a series of "offs" would start count for the next 3 seconds,
   so 2 or 3 on's means 
   
4. Use eventdensity in each LN column and show as real not fraction


------------------------------------------------------------------

Update 2015-01-20:

The insolation experiments main board died and had to be replaced.  It
has a new MAC addr (00-0C-C8-02-FD-A7) and I decided to give it a new
hostname of 'insolation.physics.carleton.edu' and IP Addr of
137.22.6.220. Various scripts must be updated to reflect this.

The code runs on sol under control of cron via /etc/crontab, which
runs the script ~phasadmin/ENTS262/Ents262-DAQ-Digest.sh.

Crontab entry:

# 55 23 * * * phasadmin /Users/phasadmin/ENTS262/ENTS262-DAQ-Digest.sh

NOTE: Turns out the raw feed for C1, C2, C3 is in Kelvin/100.0, but
you can program the data unit to do simple calculations before
reporting the value.  He had programmed the original unit to convert
to Celsius, and after I showed him the data from the new unit he
programmed the new unit to apply the same conversion equations.


----

2014-05-05: On 2014-05-10, create zip file with insolation
*digest-summary.csv files for Joel's class.  First make a copy of the
Digests directory, then run the redigest.sh script, then rsync it
over, then zip it.

Created ./Tasks/ENTS262/insolation-digests.zip which contains all the
*-digest-summary.csv files, and sent it to Joel.

Turned off data gathering by editing sol:/etc/crontab


------------------------------------------------------------------

DHCP Registration:

    MacAddr: 00:0C:C8:02:81:F1 (000CC80281F1)
    Registered in DHCP as ents-262-daq.Physics.Carleton.edu. (137.22.6.132).

    Network: 10/100 Base-T Ethernet Network Setup: static IP address
    assignment, TCP port selectable

    This ControlByWebTM product supports connection to 10Mbps and
    100Mbps networks. Although 100Mbps networks are faster, the amount
    of data transferred to and from this device is very minimal and
    little if any performance increase will be gained by setting it to
    100Mbps. There are advantages however, to operate this device at
    10Mbps. At 10Mbps, less power is required, the unit runs cooler,
    and the lifetime of the product will be extended.

    IP Address: 137.22.6.132
    Netmask: 255.255.224.0
    Broadcast: 137.22.31.255
    Gateway: ???
    TCP Port: 80
    Speed: 10Mbps or 100Mbps (choose one)
    Mode: Half Duplex | Full Duplex (choose one)
    
Filed WHD ticket 37832 to activate Telescope Pedestals 2, 3, 4.

User Manual:

    See: ./analog_manual_v1.1.pdf


Script:

    There's a perl script ./perl-daq-temperature/gettemp.pl downloaded
    from the site that can be modified to work.  It submits the html
    request to the unit and gets the result and parses it.

    I used it as starting point to create './ents-262-daq.pl.', which
    goes into an infinite loop where it talks to the analog daq unit's
    web server every second, gets the state.xml file and emits one
    line of csv data.

    It's properly called like this (from a *nix command line):

        # perl ./ents-262-daq.pl > ents-data.csv 2>&1



Loading the .csv file into Excel:

    Launch Excel

    Select 'File->Import' from Excel Menu
        
    In the 'Import' panel, select the 'csv file' button.

    In the 'Choose a File' panel, select the .csv file to import.

    In the 'Text Import Wizard - Step 1 of 3' panel, select the
    'Delimited' button, then select 'Finish'.

    In the 'Import Data' panel, select the 'New sheet' button, and
    then select the 'OK' button.

    The csv file will be imported into the new worksheet.



