
-----------------------------------------------------------------
The Physical experiment
-----------------------------------------------------------------

The physical insolation experiment consists of 3 boxes on a bench
located just east of Goodsell Obervatory.  Each box has a different
R-value (insulation value), a lamp, and a thermostat.  One of the
boxes has a window, the other two are closed.  The bench faces roughly
south to maximize the sunlight entering the window.  Each box attempts
to maintain a steady temperature of roughly 21.65C.

Box 1 has R3 and no window
Bow 2 has R0 and a window
Box 3 has R5 and no window

In addition, the experiment measures the outdoor temperature and the
solar output in watts/meter squared.  Due the way the experiment is
configured you will need to multiply the value in the data files by
910 to get the actual value.  During the day it should be hundreds of
watts depending on sunlight.

-----------------------------------------------------------------
Digest summary files: format/semantics
-----------------------------------------------------------------

The included digest summary files are created by polling the
insolation experiment 1/s, starting 5 minutes before midnight and
ending 5 minutes after the following midnight (a 24hr, 10 minute
period).  The first and last data lines should be ignored.  They're
there for debugging purposes.

Each of digest-summary.csv file has this header line:

"datetime, epochseconds, L1, L2, L3, C1, C2, C3, C4, Sun, eventdensity"

Where:

    'datetime' is the date and time at the end of the 15 minute interval.

    'epochseconds' is the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 at the
    end of the interval.
 
    'L1', 'L2', 'L3' is the number of times the DAQ reported each
    lamp was on for boxes 1, 2, and 3 respectively (max of 900).

    'C1', 'C2', 'C3' are the averages of the temperatures reported by
    the DAQ controller for boxes 1, 2, and 3 respectively.

    'C4' is the average of the outside temperatures reported by the
    DAQ controller.

    'Sun' is the average outside insolation in (Watts/Meter^2)/910 for
    the 15 minute period.

    'eventdensity' is the ratio of actual logged events (lines in the
     raw .csv file) in the interval over the total possible events,
     assuming a rate of 1 event per second.  So if the interval is 15
     minutes (900 seconds) and 900 events exist and were processed by
     this script in that 15 minute interval, then the 'eventdensity'
     would be '900/900'.  If only 450 events (lines in the raw .csv
     file) were present for the interval, the eventdensity value would
     be '450/900'.


For each of the input lines, L1, L2, L3 is considered 'on' if the
reported voltage in the input line (V1, V2, V3) is higher than the
threshold voltage, currently set to 2.0v.

Events (lines in the raw csv file) are summarized over 15 minute
intervals starting at 0, 15, 30, 45, and 0 minutes on the clock.  This
means the 1st and last summary lines could have very low
'eventdensity' values and should be ignored.
